I have a lot of friends that are fall
off crazies boom and we're live Nick
DiPaolo yeah good to see you my friend
I can't believe that gym out there it's
nice right with a Porsche parked next to
it you've got to be able to work out
where you work if you do that you get
more in next to you Porsche you know two
bad things that work and I'll pull you
Joe and see what you doing yeah yeah not
doing anything you know maybe I'm right
up front so we were talking before the
podcast and I said save this cuz it's
hilarious yeah Randy cretak oh yeah as a
stand-up comedian yes has been involved
in this Roger stone thing yes as you
know Roger stone this morning the FBI
raided you know took him out of his
house while um oh I just don't
interviewed me on Infowars he used to
love my radio show on Sirius yeah they
asked him they asked me to get him on I
was like yeah I think I'm gonna duck
that one well yeah but he's fucking
eccentric and he's crazy
he's a loon yeah and and and so is Randy
and they they've they've known each
other forever
and are they friends well they were real
till all this shit started and oh it's
fucking classic Randy credit goes
radical left he used to do he did a
comedy album years ago yeah it was him
and a bunch of other guys and it was all
it was all political it was like five
guys are three a few guys I forget how
many guys I think Crimmins was on it
Oh show us credit oh yeah and maybe
Jimmy tingle yeah yeah and they had like
a whole thing they were doing almost
like a like a tour you know it like
super left-wing ethically aware this is
fucking way back in the day I'm gonna
say this is the 90s they were doing this
yeah yeah I mean he was he was he was
always funny I mean I watched him die
every night at the cat's rising star
because he hit me up they're doing such
inside political shit he'd be talking
about a bill that was passed that day on
the floor or whatever the fuck
and the crowd be staring at him and he
had a hot asian girlfriend and he'd be
dying up there this is what I fell in
love with him and he goes he goes that's
my girlfriend over there I
four words in English not you crowd suck
I mean he was really fucking funny but
so political and inside in the except he
stayed at my apartment when I lived out
here in LA and he fucking like try to
pick up my wife after I left I had to go
on the road somewhere but but I still
love him he's fucking crazy but he he
sent me a picture of him uh 2016 in
front of the Embassy in London where
what's his name was held up Asajj really
yes and I'm like what the fuck is going
on what's he doing out there and then
all that shit came out about WikiLeaks
and stuff so they thought he might have
been the intermediary yeah so he's gone
in front of Roger stones gone in front
of Muller a couple times and and so
there it is right here who is Randy
critical apartment associates dog if he
cooperated with Russia investigate what
he threatened to take away his dog Oh
fuckin you're gonna read the text that
rod just stoned their public I think was
sent to Randy I'm gonna take your dog oh
yeah he goes let's get it on be prepared
to die I'm gonna take your fucking swine
love this guy this guy had a Nixon
tattoo when he was 18 on his back but I
just don't
yes he marched in the gay parade in New
York I fuckin love him he's nuts
whitey Martin Gary I heard all right
well he's Pro just yeah you know so he's
just over the place he's all over the
place but he's all right why me get a
Nixon tat don't run fucking right-wing
but all the right-wing people to get
look look look that is so ridiculous the
fucking mix that's a good tattoo - I
know I did that
and that guy's 60 something years old at
least and he loved my radio show on
Sirius and and he he did he hosted info
was of his about six months ago he had
me on as a guest when I got punched in
the face by that broad oh that's right I
forgot about yeah so uh so yeah they
raided the FBI raided his house took him
out today and he got out on two and
fifty thousand dollars bond and he
wanted credit Co you know to stop
contesting what what Stone said in front
of when he testified so say that's not
how that went down
baboso they're fine
shit and then he's threatening them and
but yeah Randy so I text Randy today I
go I'm doing Rogan I mean if you want to
weigh in and he's like we'll call me
before the show let me know because it's
not too much I can say right now but I
what's funny is I know both these guys
is so weird that's so we and he said
yeah let me know he goes I can't say
much because they just just arrested the
FBI they you they're gonna turn they try
to I see what mullahs doing he's turning
Roger stone against Trump Trump is the
target yeah so he's gonna threaten him
with it you know he's 67 years old so he
could spend the rest of his life in
prison or talk yeah you know he's oh no
whatever he's a scary guy mauler if he
if you had a problem and that guy was
coming after you man God because he's
gonna do it slow like by the time this
actually wake up he's gonna be I don't
think they do that slow they do they
start so or they want I think that's
different than anyway I'm very confused
by the time they get to Trump he's
already so nerve-racked you know I'm
saying because he like chips away at his
borders like slowly but surely takes
away all the people around him yeah he
gets closer and you know you know you
know he's concentrating on the family in
knowing well of course of course that's
what he does and even does that with
people like stone he'll go after your
family and stuff
you notice you never hear a word out of
Ivanka anymore you know exactly yeah
yeah I guarantee you yeah guarantee you
they scared the fuck out her but if you
want to know about mullah like you said
it how fuckin creepy he is he was the
head of the FBI
during the 80s of the whitey Bulger's
shit went down oh yeah and he put four
guys in her he listened to this joke and
this you can look this up this isn't me
four guys he put in prison and wrongly
it turns out two of them died in prison
whoa yeah you can go cuz of Bulger it
had to do with that cuz yes they would
do things in the FBI would let them get
away with it because they were providing
information right that was the whole
bunch exactly right and he fought two
guys died in prison wrongly by the way
this guy's not a fuckin good guy no he's
a Marine and decorated Marine and shit
they make those sacrifices they make
those decisions where they're just gonna
like help a person who's a criminal
because that criminals providing
information that can allow them to get
more criminal well yeah large whitey was
providing all kinds of shit about the
guineas and he spotted him that was a
great mojito by the way you know the guy
was one of Whitey's hit men Dana White
no no it was he like a threatened he had
to move out of town it was a ball Joanna
balls are related yes it was belated
when I was teaching Taekwondo I had one
of the guys that was in my class that
was whacking people for whitey bulger he
was asking me if you want to kill
somebody with your bare hands where
would you hit him like the neck was like
18 I was like he goes correct you look
good
yeah like that what was it Kevin nah no
no no but you know Kevin you know he
went away - yes um now the tough kid
yeah all related all of them together
you know um this guy was a different guy
this guy was he went away - but I mean
he went away forever
he was one of those guys like they
caught him with blood under his
fingernails
Andy was working with whitey yeah yeah
well there's a lot of guys that were I
mean it was a big organization when when
we were kids I mean everybody knew it
was a big organ it wasn't it wasn't a
fucking secret no I know how did
Hannity's attempt to link mower to
Whitey Bulger hold up this article in
The Boston Globe no that's not true
whatever it's the FBI he was you're
gonna wasn't there wasn't there then oh
he wasn't at the FBI yeah Muller served
the US Attorney's Office in Boston from
82 to 88 his chief of the Criminal
Division first assistant US attorney and
acting US Attorney for more than a year
during that time bulge around a
sprawling criminal enterprise and got
away with murders because he was a
longtime FBI informant who corrupted his
handlers the FBI he corrupted his
handlers I loved it and the FBI and the
new horse crime strike force a prosecute
prosecutorial unit that worked
independently in the US Attorney's
Office reportedly
reported directly to the Justice
Department used Bulger to build cases
against the Mafia and give him a pass on
his own crimes
the FBI's corrupt relationship with
Bulger was exposed after he was indicted
on federal racketeering charges in 1995
became a fugitive he was captured 16
years later yeah out here you know so
yeah I was captured in Santa Monica and
so when did
Mueller says did Mueller know the four
men have been wrongly convicted and
looked the other way there's nothing
linking Mueller to that case according
to several attorneys for four the men
volumous court records and a former
federal judge who presided over their
wrongful imprisonment trial in 2007 the
US District Judge nancy gertner found
the FBI deliberately withheld evidence
that the four men were innocent the
bureau helped cover up the injustice for
dec Jesus cries I fucking hate Reid and
shit like that
she ordered the government to create a
man and their families a hundred and 1.7
million okay maybe worth it you were
never gonna make a hundred million
chicken-scratch and they've all got a
hundred million if every one of them we
got a hundred million I mean I'm in I
mean how much time you have to do how
many times you get fucked while you're
in jail
how about per load fuck man so maybe it
was just a rumor that he was a part of
that well like you said though that's
the FBI yeah as a story broke him sure
they called the paper and said listen
get your facts straight
well how crazy is that the FBI covered
up the information and knew those guys
were innocent that is dark yeah who went
to jail for that did the guys who
covered it up go to jail I'm not sure
but all of them died you can't they died
in jail two of them died in jail oh well
you know they caught him because his
wife was yelling and shit all times yeah
she was cocoa he had fucking cash on the
walls and she did he I used to sell
don't meet door to door when I before I
start a comedy and I used to go to fuck
and went to hell not knowing where I was
you know I would I would wonder why
people look at my I take out my shit and
they go that's light that breaks sound
like 40 bucks a pound get the fuck out
and then somebody explained to me you
know what the hell is like whitey
Bulger's Wow so your son meeting his
neighbors oh yeah fuckin same in East
Boston I knocked a door a couple of guys
in Revere that would like fuck it
connected my buddy l know who they were
and shit later on well they probably
knew people from meatpacking they
probably got no it off of course of
course and I'm I'm doing my little spiel
there for a boy look you know a fucking
boiler room operation no you break it
down pour a meal it comes out there
three bucks of
and they're doing the math in the head
you could tell they were like bookies
you know I feel like that's like 40
bucks a pound
get the fuck up my steps that much but
it was ridiculous you know but and I was
in Rhode Island banging doors and I and
I got the same response and I looked on
I see in the streets the lines on the
street too red white and green
I was in federal help in Providence
where the Mafia stopped look at that
sign that article look at this
Whitey Bulger Santa Monica hideout was
full of money it still brims with
mystery he was living in like a normal
apartment I know so weird
he had eight hundred twenty-two thousand
dollars in cash and valuables Wow Jesus
Christ I like that movie I thought
Johnny Depp was great night yeah he was
he was great in it yeah that's a creepy
toad yeah he was as creepy as they get
it's just amazing how much corruption
was involved in that case yes and that
what a federal government was a part of
it and they let that monster
they let him thrive yeah yeah so makes
you wonder about the FBI today well it
should make you much it shows you what
they're capable of yeah what it that way
whenever you're doing that whenever
you're allowing someone to commit murder
and deal drugs to get other people that
are committing murder and dealing drugs
what yeah because they would just want
it they did look what happens with cops
in this is very unfortunate but this is
just just what happens when you have a
game and the game is arrest people
the game is win right certain amount of
collars you have to make and if you can
make more collars because you're in bed
with a bad guy
especially if maybe you grew up in that
neighborhood yeah it's always been kind
of accepted part of that neighborhood a
guy Connelly grew up with whoa yeah yeah
yeah exactly
yeah it makes a sneaky little deal yeah
it was Sam it lawyers it's all about you
you have to ever it's like sports you
have to have a winning record oh you're
not gonna succeed so they yeah you know
they play outside the rules I mean
that's one of the reasons why cops and
people have such a weird relationship
because they're always looking to rest
people and you cops talking you're like
don't put me on your record come on
yeah and they just wanna leave I can get
you for something yeah I gotta get
somebody no I know but they have quotas
like when you have quote like what would
the police force do if nobody broke
crimes anymore did make shit up if they
what would they do like legit God
really do that what never happened it
would never happen but what if everybody
got on mushrooms and the world the world
Alicia yeah the world got cleaned up I
was wondering how long would it take to
get that not much how much time can we
get couple years ago I mean the
conversation all the mushrooms I got
some right here if you want some dude I
can't even handle regular mushrooms
fucking Jam
shiitake make me crazy I don't know how
you do that shit we have a discussion
DMT and flutter bell oh yeah it just it
the whole I mean the Muir thing is very
it's very interesting it's very
interesting because you're watching a
professional like cast a web-like nice
and slow yeah nice and slow this is the
full force of the FBI against you and if
they would against our I just don't like
I said they'll do you know yeah it's
creepy well Jamie said they opened up
the government today to distract from
the fact that Rodgers don't gotta
rustling cleanest most likely I think
you're right I think that's a good
assessment I guess I mean Trump's the
final target so but yeah he's gonna he's
gonna threaten stone wood you know he's
like 66 yeah threatens him with ten
years he's probably gonna yeah he's got
enough to fuckin sing but he's such a
singer song like Dershowitz says they
don't just sing they they they actually
how did Dershowitz put it they actually
you know come up with the lyrics they
create you don't just sing yeah you know
what do you think is gonna happen to
trump if you have yes as far as this
investigation
nothing really pass Senate coffee thank
you yeah why do you think nothing's
gonna happen you know that well that's
not true I shouldn't say that because
only because I think Mull is pretty
fucking evil and will come up with
something well you know what impeachment
at the at the worst but was the high
crimes and misdemeanors what what well
if there's obstruction of justice if
there was collusion if there was any
sort of if they can prove that there was
some sort of concerted effort to
undermine democracy yeah well sure I
don't think III don't think they'll get
to get them even
Raja's stone they're not charging him
with collusion of conspiracy just lying
and covering up they don't they don't
happen for collusion conspiracy they're
lying and covering up the interactions
with Russians right so what it is I I
guess that will be Mullis angle you know
Jamie was talking about something
yesterday and I started listening to
this recent Sam Harris podcast and it is
fucking fascinating how much Russian
troll farms and all these fake accounts
and what they're trying to do and one of
the things they're trying to do is what
Jamie was saying was that that kid with
the maca hat with a Native American beat
the drum in front of him yeah the image
of that was posted by this website that
turned out in control farm but it was in
Brazil it was a blogger in Brazil yeah
yeah when they did CNN looked into it
they just kind of asked Twitter what's
going on with this account and by the
time they'd asked them they just
suspended the account so it's gone but
but you said they suspended the account
because the account was a fake account
yet they had they thought it was posing
as like a California teacher yeah her
name's Talia yeah but it was it was an
actual blogger in Brazil oh so was
Brazil wasn't Russian no I'd fast
I wasn't sure no I'm saying like it was
sewn into a fake account of some but yes
they seized of yeah well they're trying
to get people against which course
they're doing that in a minute like
people need to understand that this is
actually really happening and do we need
their help early will we do it against
each other the Russians help well if you
stop and think about it has there ever
been a time with the left and the right
were more you chose throats and CNN's
enough you don't need Russia hey but but
art is CNN enough to really get people
turned against each other like this no
fucking way you need angry discourse
online and the way that yeah I'm from
there's there's an amazing radio lab
podcast about this will where they
talked to people that actually worked in
these troll farms and that these people
were they would both be left-wing and
right-wing and is one of the things that
they're talking about on the Sam Harris
podcast it's I think it's called war of
information but they'll pose as like
pro-choice people and say ridiculous yes
like over the
ridiculous and then they'll pose as
pro-life American flag and you know
Magga in the in the you know the hashtag
more and they're they're heading but
they have nothing to do with that
they're just Russians and they're just
trying to get people riled up and you
see people jump on board
oh it's chiming in but I was talking to
a comic that we were talking about that
I won't bring his name up but he
referred me to this this Russian guy
I can't a mycommerce name but this is a
clip of this Russian guy who worked for
the KGB defected over here and he was
explaining how Russia does that yeah and
this was back in the 80s will we do it
too everybody does it
they all do it everybody doesn't they
fuck with the system in any way shape or
form in order to achieve a desired
result I think the Russians are the best
well I just think they're way more
dedicated to it and yeah I mean it's a
sneaky way to go about doing things too
because Russia doesn't have the the kind
of money that the United States has they
got nothing they have you know their
economies the size of Texas yeah well
they have is nuclear weapons they've
almost like a third world and a brutal
dictator and a dictator yeah that's all
it takes but as if our is the economy
and everything you're like a third-world
shit yeah it's well they're like a small
European country but it's really
interesting when you you listen to these
podcasts about how much effort they put
into sewing discourse or discord to
getting people upset with each other to
starting arguments and to saying things
that are gonna upset people in order to
get the right versus the left yeah -
like sure to undermine democracy from
the inside yeah it's really interesting
it's weird that it works but it makes
sense that it works
sure it's a sneaky-ass strategy yeah you
think CNN does just as good a job you
really do then horrible but you're so
you're so right wing you can I'm not so
right wing Joe right wing all right
middle middle right I'd say you Center
right if so not right of center right or
so yeah yeah yeah what's wrong with
Siena
do you like it first of all I don't need
to hear it in every fucking airport
before I'm doing a gig last fucking
words I want here with Wolf Blitzer
before my
plane crashes um somebody told me wolf
blitzer got on Jeopardy and they exposed
him yes I remember reading that because
you know people get on television they
read off a teleprompter you think
they're Bryant they seemed brilliant you
know they say early is alone about low
egos on Jeopardy and wins but louis c.k
yeah did he yeah remember they have
celebrities on one smile when did you do
that
a couple years ago did he go on with
regular people and when I forget who
he's against I think was other famous
people remember Jonathan dropped yeah oh
he's very smart
well do you remember he went on Jeopardy
against regular people 181 at one time
yeah he won the whole tournament a comic
yeah so folks don't take us like this
he's still right for there is Wolf
Blitzer
- $4,000 dumbass yeah it didn't work out
so well
ah fuck good funny it is hilarious
oh you know people can pretend to be
smart you know teleprompter they give
you the script you know but John it was
Jonathan Groff does he still write for
Conan it's a good question I don't know
the last time I saw him but he was
fucking really really bright funny guy -
and really funny yeah yeah I don't think
he just stand up anymore though he just
writes that's how smart he is
yeah he's like enough for this nonsense
his jokey joke nuts enough is enough
he's not gonna feel that way um but what
why do you hate CNN oh come on all the
fucking shit they put out there and you
know just an example how about before
the when when Donna Brazile had the
notes for Hillary before the fucking
Bernie yes remember that with this man's
discredit you see it was she was upon
bit right
and they still had her on that's what I
make ulis that they had her on after
that yeah total questions were going to
be yeah yeah well her book was amazing
know that that's what's interesting is
they fucked her over and then she came
out look ripped them that bridge they
are I haven't I haven't read it yet so
my glasses of it but what I read about
how they rigged the DNC that's how they
how they fuck Bernie out of the primary
yeah yeah woo yeah Bernie gets screwed
it's a dark business
and it's all the same they're all in
Kochi but you don't think like the
mainstream media this little like a
propaganda arm for the Democratic Party
well they die ninety-three percent
negative coverage they definitely think
they're working for the good but it's
ninety-three percent negative coverage
with Trump right Trump isn't you know
he's an unusually polarizing figure sure
I mean was it that way with my guess I
was probably pretty negative with Bush
all with this world back then no was but
they always since I've been a kid
I mean Reagan was a dummy and just
fucking be actor and an idiot and a
racist you can look at the ship
year after year mister of George Bush
Senior George W Bush Dick Cheney
warmonger but it's the same shit racist
bigot race and it works and for it works
Lord was morning and Ford was remember
how he was portrayed on SNL he was
always falling he couldn't walk three
feet which was kinda true actually he
was an athlete but it's always been that
way so the mainstream media has always
sort of been more liberal and alright
but then you have Fox News which goes
far the other way well what their
opinion shows but at least when you
watch Fox knows which everybody who
hates Fox who's never watches it number
one but but they at least have liberals
on you know and Shepard Smith and hates
yes yes because he looks like every guy
that bullied him as a kid do you think
that's why it's yeah I do
that's it yeah do you like do nothing
reason most of them hate him he's he
here's what's not here's what they don't
bring up even Hannity and all these guys
you get your head going like a pound for
chrissake let's change the subject he's
getting irritated with me already
I gotta get you out of LA I'm afraid
you're gonna get disease tell me about
it
but what we just talking about why they
might Trump because they never bring up
this though they never well does he say
alpha male blond hair blue eye right
fucking billionaire that is the that's
the embodiment of the devil for the left
they never bring that up on the show do
you think that's really what it is
there's no I'll do with him on lying all
the time and what's he lie about the
number of people at his inauguration as
opposed to Obama going oh you can keep
your health care I mean the fucking you
know he doesn't lie any more than any
other person
you don't think so if he does it's
trivial shit
he's the salesman he's a is a fine line
well he's definitely a Salesman but
always a bullshitter but that's what we
need we're a corporation
we're corporate the countries don't you
think so that's what I always heard it's
kind of like that a little bit I mean
what it's some some sort of an
organization you really Taylor II claim
Lionel oh yeah for sure
well why didn't you get called on it how
was that fat twat not in cups oh how
dare you it is a good question
you know yeah it's a great question I
was talking to Mike Baker who used to
work for the CIA Paulie I met my fuckin
web guy no deceit bargain he wanted to
come out here with me and Mike Baker
from the CIA is if he if he did anything
remotely like what Hillary did he'd be
in jail for 30 years of course yeah
remember the kid in the submarine that
worked for the Navy they took just a
summary I mean he left took a selfie and
it had bad shit in the background they
were supposed to take photos of and how
long was he in jail I don't know yeah so
I would just like to see some equity as
far as people being held accountable on
both sides
well maybe it would have been different
if Hillary made it through maybe it
would have been different in terms of
like media coverage if she actually
became president now they would have
sucked her ass yeah I think so I don't
know man once Donna Brazil's book came
out and people have an understanding
about the inner workings of the party I
mean I think look it politics are it's a
dirty dirty business filthy dirty it's
worse than podcast but it's podcast a
pretty clean I know like relatively but
that's why people come to it yeah I
can't get the tro from mainstream media
while I was trying to explain to a
friend who was talking about doing a
podcast deal with a network I was like
stop you can't this is the one thing
that you can have what you it can be
mainstream and it's free of everything
how free of any influence and you're
gonna let a bunch of pencil pushers and
and button pressors they're gonna tell
you what you can and can't say which
direction you can and can't go you know
they're gonna try to influence you but
isn't Google doing that
now what do you mean with conservatives
like shutting down Dennis Prager it's
like a fuckin what do you mean as far as
well I'm sure opens oh my go about a
company right okay what I'm talking
about a company you going into business
with them yeah and you can't where
you're a podcast you're free and
independent right it's probably the only
thing in the world where you can be
completely free and independent and
still reach millions of people it really
is the only thing in the world but but
but his bungled what I'm saying Google
owns YouTube right right and people like
Dennis Prager a religious right guy
uh-huh his well his show gets shut down
on YouTube you mean it's shut down he's
suing he's suing fucking gold oh I
didn't know about this yeah I know he
does those shows with Corolla right so
listening to him and I lived in LA he's
a conservative religious Jewish guy I've
listened to him honey yes well they they
consider it hate speech I mean that's
that's when we get into a dangerous
territory wait a minute I pull up what
would happen to him cuz I'm completely
ignorant about this this is the first
time I'm hearing about that this is
gonna go to the Supreme Court really I
think so they pulled this so they took
his page down they said you can't have a
page on YouTube anymore yeah they shot
his show Dom do you remember what it was
about know what specifically but I know
it was labeled hate and if you listen to
this guy for 10 minutes he's the most
congenial fair-minded you know but he's
he's a you know a religious guy do you
know and flying you know Douglas mario's
he's actually her who is he's a he's a
an intellectual from England who wrote
about wrote the book about immigrants in
Europe called the strange death I think
it's called Islam and a strange death of
Europe and he's basically talking about
how people from these countries that
have emigrated into Europe are changing
the culture changing the culture and
North Africa there's all sorts of you
know crimes and things that are
happening that didn't exist before and
people are developing these communities
of like-minded people that didn't exist
but I know goes on and and he's saying
that this is you know this is
fundamentally dangerous but he's saying
it from a point of perspective of
understanding
the actual facts involved and talking
about the situation you're talking about
how these are people that don't respect
homosexuals they want to throw them off
rooms and they have these write up a new
genre they have these opinions about
people that are extremely antiquated not
aligned with European values in a modern
Western world right he and sam harris
had a conversation and that conversation
got flagged on youtube it got flat cuz
someone put it up in there there you
know you make a look a little watchlist
what is it called what it was a call of
the list you could when you put it on
youtube on your channel where you could
the playlist yeah so he puts it on his
playlist and he gets a computer a
Community Guidelines strike against him
for putting up this conversation between
two intellectuals so I have this
conversation with this lady at YouTube
and I said well why why would you do
that why why does that get she goes well
it's hate speech I go it's hate speech
are you talking about to intellectuals
having a discussion about a real thing
that's happening right now in Europe and
you're saying hate speech if you listen
to the podcast there's no slurs used
just facts they're just saying with a
Praeger but this is this was the way she
said it cuz it's hate speech like you
had you said that so easily yes you'd
never see that's a lot of power but it's
also a lot of irresponsible power
responsible use of power but but but but
my point is they're cracking down of
people who lean right whether it's
Twitter yes you know I'm at 100% RIA and
that's a big fucking problem
hate speech I'm we're gonna let Google
decide oh what's the name of that come
to the help a bit they're going to
decide what what I brought that up on I
brought that up on a tough crowd years
ago about when you disagree with a
liberal or whatever your argument they
always well you're a hater they would
keep saying that and that's what it
turned into if you just disagreed you're
a hater
mmm-hmm now it's you're a bigot or a
racist if you didn't agree with Obama's
policies your bigot or a racist and and
that shit works that that's been working
for the left years but now that the
social media Google controls almost all
the information you are you and I hear
every day I mean that's why it's so
dangerous so look up
Prague is a is the first example that
comes to mind that guy yeah because he's
he's you know Christian or whatever he's
not he yeah he's Jewish but but you'd
hang it up it unless unless I'm what I
just read was wrong they weren't done
from YouTube at least they weren't
deleted they were restricted put it like
meaning like they show that uh the adult
thing like you have to have an account
that says you're 18 or older or
something like that and they were
fighting and having a lawsuit against
that saying that what they have in their
videos are not shouldn't be behind that
like that wall whatever that is they
also then but this is my point you have
to go to youtube to get the story
hold on alright their website went to a
couple different websites to see it but
they were also like yesterday they had
ads blacklisted from Spotify so they had
ads that were I guess Aliyah proved and
now they have been disappearing really
explained to the Dennis Prager says yeah
well he's so in soaps but his page is
still up you know Corolla night yeah I
believe ask him about it
yeah well but the YouTube page is still
up his shows not yet his Oh his show I
shut down they might have taken it down
by now this is like this is kind of from
a couple months yeah yeah they shot him
down so if you go to the Dennis Prager
YouTube channel it doesn't exist
hmm so the idea that they would make
that 18 plus because it's conservative
that's all errors well it's up this is
it right this is channel bro Prager you
yeah but it's got a million subscribers
million nine hundred and forty shut his
shell down I thought I brought it back
up is over you sure maybe so they have a
video up from an hour ago
Spotify Bands Prager from advertising ok
Google Prague a lawsuit that's what it
was about it's about the be angry
restrict yeah I am angry cuz when I get
in a full story here
well let me know that it's up right now
it's he's uh he's so on them yeah no I
believe you
so my point being is these big big tech
companies a crushing conservative well
when's the most part right yes and
here's a good way to look at it if
you're going after a guy like Dennis
prey
yeah who again it's most congenial guy
never swears very very mild-mannered
very cool and calm and whether you agree
with them or disagree with them right
it's not the the way to go about
something like this if you disagree with
someone it's not to shut him down have a
debate exactly yeah and that's not
happening well you know what you saw the
Google memo you saw what happened with
that guy when he provided all this
information about one of the reasons why
women don't get into tech and they
labeled him as a massage woman-hater
right define like no he's giving you
scientific studies that show that women
have different interests is that
Lawrence Summers you're talking about
there's been a few since Lawrence
Summers was actually the president of
Harvard and he was given a speech and
and that's all he said he was he brought
up the numbers as far as males going
into science and math he didn't say
women aren't good at it right and he get
fucking canned from our bird yeah yeah
you can't have anything as fascism yeah
if it disagrees with the orthodoxy
they'll come down on you even if it's
factual like James two more and you
could clearly back it up you could look
at the actual numbers not only that that
James to Morgan I put a page and a half
in there on strategies for encouraging
women to get an attack I mean if you was
a real massage working for Hoda more
google goggle yes he's the google memo
right that was what started off yes all
these intellectuals came to his side
they go look why are we doing all this
research if you guys completely ignore
it every time it comes up right like
you're pretending that this research is
not valid its research is it's it's
scientific information that shows that
certain types of people are more
interested in different things we've
known that forever
that's why boy toys and girl toys are
different because boys and girls like
different shit I mean it's basically a
more complex version of that he's
essentially saying women like different
things it doesn't job that it can't what
to say the only difference between the
sexes is the sulci constructed obstacles
you will gender you know has dropped
gender itself
it is they should come here and take a
look at your place that would shut up
shut the argument that's old male male
gender I've got some female stuff here
from when my kids come over
tefik tell tell them what you said to me
when I say what a fucking great place oh
this is what happens when women don't
get to tell you what to do place you
have a warehouse of mail but this looks
that's not a nice guy that's not bad
and the problem is in this society male
energy male thinking melanin is vilified
and you're taught to think there's
something wrong with being masculine
being masculine is the reason why we
don't speak German okay stop exactly
talk about toxic masculine you could
you'll be the poster boy for that shit
well the whole reason why you need male
people is because there's male people
other places that will take away your
shit and kill your people and exactly
this is not a bad thing male does not
equal evil just because there are evil
men they are evil men doesn't mean all
men are evil there's evil women too it
doesn't mean all women are evil I dated
three of them
why don't you baby any more than three
let's be honest yeah no you're
absolutely right yeah and but this toxic
masculine is is fossil air like you said
for Ellie World War two however that
turned out well there's just so many
dumb phrases like that
you know yeah well they made up do you
know about heteronormative I'm sure I
have you know cisgender cisgender yes
zero normative yeah yeah like you're
imposing the norms like as if
heterosexuality is nor all well did you
see what was the story couple days ago
it was in California here a beautiful
state of California they're trying to
the heat you can't say he or she it's
they now but yeah we're everywhere I'm
saying Hannah something Jax and he yeah
now you have to say they know and they
were passing it they had her in the the
meeting the actual town hall of City
wherever they passing the ordinance and
at the end she goes Mike my grandma my
grammar teacher wouldn't approve of this
she's rolling around her but we won't
hear from her
she said her and somebody called her out
on it
nonsense you shouldn't let your
grandmother she's not here we corrected
for identification of course she looked
like Newt Gingrich's California state
senator bans the use of he and she
during committee hearings oh look at her
with her perfect fuckin haircut no
Gingrich is haircut like somehow its
facing some people are just hilarious
but they called her out she's trying to
do a good thing though honey and they
call her yeah they had a laugh about it
but that is so funny
who the fuck does she look like oh my
god we won't be hearing from her well
you made a she was interrupted by
listeners who corrected her usage and de
mail
stop stop go back corrected her usage
and go demand that she used the word
they or them they demanded see this is
the problem with all this shit yes it's
demanding they're trying to control
people they're telling people what to do
and what not to do and it's about power
a lot of this stuff is about power
they're imposing their worldview on on
you but it's not even their worldview
it's not real
what it is is they're just deciding that
this is a thing that they're gonna agree
to and they're gonna force other people
to comply it's half the game half the
game is just getting people to comply
well you do that by and you start with
language you control people's behavior
through language yeah just the
definition of political press well
that's what Carlin always said that
fascism is just political correctness
with good manners our protocol
correctness is fascism with good manners
yeah how about we saw the clip of LOI at
governor's when he was talking about
this how the you know the Millennials
are whoever demanding what we call them
yes they are them I okay I'm Malou egos
okay I'm a location yeah he's your
mother's country then he goes I gotta
come up with something more clever not
as harsh what yeah I'm a location your
mother's car keys yeah what did you
think about all that stuff getting
leaked well Louis you know
Stanhope at a really good point about
that but it would dougie say dougie was
saying like look if this was a movie and
if you took that movie and filmed it in
the movie theater and then put it online
you would be you go to jail that's right
you're a criminal
gross
stealing right you're exposing your
ruining his work yes
but they think they can ruin his work
because he jerked off in front of some
people I don't even know if it's that I
don't even know if the person that
leaked it like was a Louie hater
sometimes fan they were laughing hard
yes yes Abel I was at it wasn't
governor's it was the brokerage which is
the same owners a few years ago and I'm
up there doing my shit and working on a
new hour I looked on and the kid about
fifty sixth row I see him I see the red
light yeah and he's got his head down so
I can down off the stage he doesn't even
hear me and I grab the phone out of his
hand
deleted I go dude you came out of cuz
you're a fan of mine right I go the
problem I explained it to him in the
whole crowd the problem with this is if
you put this shit online I'm working on
new that's the old material right you're
burning my shit do you get it yeah to
all the other fans that listen to it for
sure and also it's not fair because
these bits are never done like if you
want to release it half-baked like when
when you first start working on a bit
you have a premise you got kind of an
idea where it's going horse yeah and
then it eventually becomes a bit that
you would put on a special right
yeah and they get it halfway or a
quarter yeah yeah and it looks shitty
and and and and it's or if it's done if
you're doing a bit that's complete yeah
they it becomes old well that was some
of the things that people were saying
about Louie that the material is sloppy
it's not like his old stuff yeah he's
working shit on old stuff you saw when
it was done like if you came to the
store and saw him working on a set like
a few years back you would see the same
kind of stuff I got a couple of comets
like that when I put my last special out
there like well he's doing the same
stuff well you came out to see me eight
ten months ago when I was working on it
yeah it's it's it's something process
they don't understand though cuz it
seems like when you're on stage and your
top to top you're buggin it and it seems
like you're doing something that they
can do you're just talking oh I know
you're just talking I could talk I think
there's no other art form like that
where it's just talking
that's exactly right nobody yells at a
concert nobody know that fucking you
know I could play bass bet on that
jerk-off yeah you know me but it stands
out so people have you know because
people have made their friends laugh
well I think Seinfeld saw them pork
yours ago because you know you make your
friends laugh be
everybody's made their friends left with
your comic and you're like oh I can do
this I call people out when they look
bored with me or they have their arms
folded
I go do it you got that smug look in
your face I know you could do this too
but you'd rather work at the fucking
Mattress Factory 80 hours a week in
making fucking $400 there's people out
there working in the Mattress Factory
right now listening this going man fuck
you nuke yeah well fuck them whoa hey
how about you just ignore the guy that's
$3,000 from Christie okay my weird well
I know it's like a mattress how much
would I pay you to make a mattress
tonight in San Diego Mike I have to pay
you a lot of money to build me a
mattress you have to pay for the fall
they'll be shit all together I'll fuck
out of here you think I get a mattress
be easy lays I get farm laying all over
the house start with my wife's boobs
right oh come on Joe
where do you get this coffee it's
fucking delicious good right I think
this is black rifle black rifle half
that name it's racist oh it's not
gunmetal it's a company of veterans it
makes you got coffee rings yeah
veteran-owned you but you so black right
fuck you Matt flags veteran-owned to
Confederate your own company I got a
flag they sent me when I did the
Afghanistan USO thank guy sent me a flag
that they used in battle nice you ever
folded up and I had it hanging but then
I made a gym out of my fucking whatever
so I don't know where it is well I
should probably find it I should
probably put it back up shouldn't I yeah
sorry I brought that up
don't worry about it the louis c.k set
you know it was very similar in my
opinion to all the shit that he did
before he got in trouble absolutely very
similar salutely same kind of material
the way he does things
I mean people forget that this is a guy
who went on Saturday Night Live and did
a joke about pedophiles and about you
know maybe we should let him get away
with it so they don't kill your kids I
mean there's guy who's fucked up it's a
fucked up bit but he was the darling of
the left back then and yeah as allowed
to get away with that yes if he tried to
do that same material had inton that
then and instead did that now people
would be fucking horrified
what is it Joe
about offending women or today's
feminists what they are at the in my
opinion all this political correctness
that we hate so much shutting down they
are at the Corbett
well people maybe the I say this the the
zeitgeist of the times is like a fat
chicks emotion well very sensitive you
can't you can't cross them well it's
also because people are realizing now
that they can make an impact one of the
things that I read because he's doing
this thing in Pittsburgh he was doing
the improv in Pittsburgh and this lady
who wrote the article wrote that he's
making people put their cell phones in
bags much like comedians Dave Chapelle
and Joe Rogan do she used my name too he
did I've done it before but I only did
it when I was filming my Netflix special
so I didn't want people putting the
material out right before I was
releasing the special and then
afterwards I decided it was too much of
a pain in the ass but the only reason
why I was doing it well it had nothing
to do with she said because they know
words can offend yeah they don't want
the con surprises well I'm gonna put it
on Netflix anyways it's gotta be out to
the public it's offensive it's good if
you're looking to get offended go watch
me I feel special there's plenty in
there for you but I need to be able to
do it correctly like I'm want to work it
out so that it has the maximum amount of
laughs with the minimum amount of people
getting it the wrong way right so this
it's all about wording and setting it up
right and listening to it and going
maybe there's a better way and you can't
do that if somebody releases your shit
sorry these people that don't know
comedy and they're saying this like you
have no idea what the process is like
you just don't and if you if you do you
would respect it and appreciate it right
and the people that are comics that
don't respect and appreciate the process
like that's where we are now yeah but
it's just because people can make an
impact they can have a reaction just
like the people yelling at her you know
that that she said she said oh my
grandma would be rolling over in her
grave
they're just trying to get a reaction
from you they're just trying to push
buttons they're just knowing that they
can say something and they can have some
sort of an impact we're gonna get louis
c.k banned from here you know we're
gonna get Nick DiPaolo kicked out of
this club you can't come to this club
you talk negatively about women and
women's empowerment and that's dangerous
to girls I only get kicked out of one
place and of course one of the best
clubs in the country
what club then for Comedy Works you got
kicked out of Comedy Works like
20-something years ago for what well it
was a bachelor party ruining the middle
guys set the the MC set and that I went
up my second time there I think that's a
great club cause and they started
yelling shit fuck take off your shirt
yet Dec that and I said can we throw
these fat cunt out and it turns out a
fat cunt was running a club so I was
well that's how I feel job well I was
thrown out because of my words well and
I get kicked out with smokin on stage
rooster teeth feathers those do in two
places
yeah I think that was a long time ago
the right smoking on stage oh yeah last
time you smoked on stage Oh a couple
weeks ago how the fat black pussycat
do you smoke still well you say still I
just really started I was 15 20 years
ago I was a social smoker because
everybody the Comedy Cellar I'd be
sitting across from Attell breathing in
his shit and I'm like I might as well
put a filter in my mouth and so you know
I'd have one or two but then I really
pick up the pace about a year ago what
the fuck is that it keeps the pounds huh
what Joe it's interesting steroids it's
not I don't know I just know I like it
but but I do really all right oh yeah
what can you smoke marlboro lights
really yeah
oh it's gentle little lights well I'll
take cancer light you get a light tumor
yeah you get a how many you smoking
today half a pack really do you too
smart for that that's outrageous Oh Joe
please you are can't kill me
I can't now Wow my grandfather smoked
pall malls unfilled any camels so the
other thing yeah you can't kill it
Apollo
no it's do I do with 96 yeah I do it my
act Oh Mike cuz my friends go why would
you start at this age and I go what why
would you start you 20 so you could f
have ass cancer in your 40s I'm
get out hmm I see if a doctor tells me I
have cancer in 25 days I'm gonna kiss
him on the lips you see the look some
guys in their 80s they look happy
they're like I wish I smoked and I was a
fucking kid I knew you would have
disapproved that for you my is chew I
did that you got removed
yeah no exact same she was so cute when
she was young you're suing yes and then
she turned into Popeye Wow with the
voice and everything but I'll kick it
promise
yeah man you stop juicing I'm not
juicing I take testosterone replacement
therapy I'll need it that's how I say I
don't need it that's why I don't need it
because I do it if I don't do it I
started doing your old man
excuse me trust me if I get John it go
to a doctor to get your hormone levels
do it tomorrow and I'll quit this nigga
right he's just work wait to sig or okay
promise yeah I don't need it I might
destroyed my shoulders playing football
yeah I have aches and pains and but you
know I'm five five ninety three quarters
2:30
that's not too bad is not dude
yes that Italian thickness let's work up
density bro I got the Charlotte is
density but this is the biggest I've
never seen you I've been working out a
lot plus it haven't been running because
I got some stem cells shot into my knee
oh really
yeah I've had some meniscus issues and I
idiot I can't let him sit i-i've got
stem cells before and it felt good and
then I run you know miles in the hills
every day a week later yeah yeah yes I
have liked a brightest in both knees
yeah well stem cells help that
definitely does there's this a bunch of
different things you could do to help
that before it gets real bad but one of
the things they're doing in Panama
I sent my mom down there to dr. Neil
Riordan it is very good yeah do you know
he is no no he I had him on the show
with uh with Mel Gibson and Mel Gibson's
dad was 92 when he went down there was
in a wheelchair was all fucked up eight
years and he walks a hundred years old
he's fine but he's a hundred just 108
years old that's what happens we 92 and
you live eight more years thanks for
doing the math that's what happens you
yell shit out you can you can say racist
shit you get it off your chest you look
to you hundred well it's only the boos
that make some racist and now so what
fucking guy's my hero fucking love Mel
Gibson has he ever made a bad movie I
mean made it himself
well I didn't in a few shit shit movies
pets anoxic masculinity right I liked
Apocalypto I thought that was great a
lot of people shit on them it was right
up your alley yeah I loved it
yeah exactly yeah I'm fascinated with
that culprit though still I watch I wish
I wish I was part now I love that movie
I you know I think he's a very intense
very unusual eccentric guy like just
being around him you get this sense of
his energies like riggs mouth yeah yeah
from lethal I don't have that like a lot
of that I think probably came like that
that character probably came from like
the dark inner workings of Mel Gibson's
mind you got it really is you would like
you like that to the right I don't have
that energy
but Trump kept calling Jeb Bush low
energy yeah I was laying on the couch
bone that's fucking me he's talking
about I'm laying on the couch and I hear
about somebody dying in an avalanche you
know I watch it on T and I laugh because
I would never fucking be dropped off in
a helicopter at the top of a mountain to
go snowboarder yeah and then they die
I'm laughing my balls off I'm eating a
bag of chips well the one person he's
never called anybody anything is Nancy
Pelosi and people like why hasn't he
come up with a nickname for her yet yeah
you know because you can't say content
that's done the election that'll cost
him in 2020 a joke about that he's like
it's countdown until
that sick ankle dogface that's what I
call Hillary McCullar what
what kind of a nickname if you were
gonna help him like if he hired you like
Nick hello see I need a solid Republican
comic to help me with my one-liners what
do you think
well I call her on my show I heard of
the the leathery nippled hmm
two words I think she was pretty good
luck to me trusting her day like a lion
Ted okay
yeah fucking naughty Nancy what did he
call Hillary crooked Hillary crooked
Hillary lyin Ted how about energy Jeb
how about I yeast infection in heels
how about lying liberal mmm fuck stick
do you know that she's worth a hundred
million dollars yes I do but she
represents the little people job she
represents the working class you know
she has fucking walls around her mansion
meanwhile people laying their own feces
in San Francisco well that Laura Laura
chick the chick that handcuffed herself
to Twitter she hopped Nancy's fence and
started setting up a like oh hi grant
camp what was the result
illegal she's doing something illegal
she's trespassing I would say to Nancy
I'll be outside how's it going this
fence is immoral hmm right build that
wall or don't I almost like at the wall
still but when we have machine guns and
tanks
well Lane throws like I took them you
don't have to kill I'm serious about
this you're gonna laugh okay tonight
because you don't have to but seriously
I love how we rule out lethal force as
far as protecting our board that's not
even on the plate so I okay it's to
medieval to pick somebody off as they're
climbing the fence but okay use
something less lethal a super soaker
filled with cat piss
a woman and her baby it's not fucking
Maltese I'm one of your old males no
leave the women and children whatever
just push them on the wall would he do
them send them back to where the fuck
that came from you have no sympathy for
those folks that are trying to come over
here the ones that uh we're immigrant
yeah children absolutely I mean when did
your parents come over
my grandpa grabs mine as well at the
turn of the century like 1902 1903 yep
fun they should have stayed in Italy you
think people should have stayed in
Poland the Irish should have stayed in
Ireland should have no news Paolo it
would be great does this experiment
that's not working job he's gotta admit
oh fuck is wrong with you watch these
viral videos it's not oh you're joking
around but it kinda seemed like she
seemed a little bit more dour oh you
know he's our previous conversations
we've had I was faking each other I was
faking it came along I can save it let's
get this off my chest a light and
cheeriness remember my bid I had a great
bit about immigration how it was like
having a big party but you had to
contribute to the party remember the
bitter that's one of my albums the Irish
brought the booze the Italians brought
the food oh okay now you know I do
remember the remember yeah yeah and the
Mexican said fucker will clean up after
which you know yep people loved it and
no I look I defend Latinos all the time
on my show they like Italians were at
the turn of the century yes hard-working
and when you watch the news and you see
a lot of people dying you know fighting
for us a lot of Latino names in it
so first I'm a big fan that's not the
problem you know so but I don't think he
should be labeled a bigot if you believe
in you know securing the borders and
it's not immoral how about all the
heroin coming over is that a lie too I
mean you know how they're finding that
over there did you pay attention to the
chapo trial they're bringing a little
agro ships most of its coming over in
cars is it yeah so Fitness Sopranos they
said that eight out of ten cargo ships
never get charged yes yes apparently
that's true I was talking to a guy was a
longshoreman about that he's like you
don't know what the fuck's in those
things I know and that creepy when I was
gonna blow up that's the fucking shit
don't give him any ideas these ideas
they call me up and said that's not a
bad idea how did she get punched who why
did that lady punch you it was a 20 year
old bipolar girl I was at levity live I
did a show came offstage went into the
green room for a few minutes and then
came back out and I was standing to the
left of the stage
and I I don't always shake hands and do
all that shit after the show I just
don't feel it's in the job description
sometimes I'll do it sometimes I want
but some people started coming up to me
and shaking hands and taking pictures
and this guy approaches me so look like
you a little bit stands to my right and
he goes can I get a picture that goes
sure I stand on my right I'm looking at
him talking to him he's like yeah I
enjoyed the show but my daughter wanted
to punch you in the face he didn't even
finish the word face and I get suckered
from this I didn't even know she was in
the fucking room all sudden BAM
whoa and I mean BAM I mean fucking you
know I was I don't feel if I get fucking
suckered I could feel the eye closed and
immediately you know and I looked right
at him this is how good my instincts
were even when I was in shock I go did
you just fucking set me up no it's
nothing like that man he didn't jump in
and he didn't jump in and and go to his
daughter what are you doing you know it
was kinda like to this day believe it
was complicit he was complicit in it but
doing it what did she do she finally
looked at her I go why why'd you fucking
why'd you do that because you're mean
she thought I was racist and sexist
meanwhile there was a table of black
people
Dominika it was a very diverse crowd
absolutely loved it coming to my defense
after that happened nobody got offended
even a friend that might have seen me a
million times because you won't even be
in that political that night that's she
had Birkenstocks on and you know bipolar
and and and I'm still pursuing it and
the guy didn't apologize nothing he was
he didn't apology I said you just
fucking said no I didn't man and it's
nothing like that you know I she said I
shouldn't have brought here brought her
here but you did you weaponized you
bipolar daughter is what you did I
believe they sat down at the table
before they left the house he knows for
what I did for comedy and he P he hated
he didn't have the balls to do it
himself
you think yeah that's what I think look
at you you would oh I'm gonna work for
those kettlebells before I leave here
and I'm gonna find this motherfucker get
you on a bike and get you to burn off
some energy
Jesus across my business my rifle coffee
I love dish veteran-owned coffee it's
very potent I want to contribute
veterans I got some bags for you I'll
get you some it's great stuff but yeah
so the fucking hike you had the funniest
this is what's funny about it for years
people tell me you know keep your temper
in check at bah-bah-bah you know you'll
fuck up the career you don't but I'm in
here on that for years after this
happened they're all gone
why didn't you hit her back what are you
high tech stood me like the next day or
that and I can't remember and you said
you go this made me laugh for five
minutes you go Joe goes I thought Joe
was gonna good thing you didn't hit her
but Joe goes I would a fucking leg
whipped her which made me laugh so hard
because she's his frail thing and if you
leg whip - you would've taken her legs
Claire off like a helicopter blade
I was belly laughing for five you a leg
whip and this leg kicker yeah well I
don't think it was a okay excuse me well
you got a can't let someone punch you
the real problem is like someone even a
yeah I saw you in the party hurt your
that clip you in the pot well I have a
permanent dent in my face yeah you can
say it I have a permanent dent I don't
she had a ring up really there's a
little dent there yeah she probably had
a ring on yeah someone can hate you in
that no good for you that would have
been embarrassing you you could lose
your vision I mean that's 100% possible
happens be bald I had a slight
concussion she really fucking caught me
flush I'm not shocked especially if you
didn't know what would you have done I
don't know I hope I wouldn't have done
what I think I would I know cuz you
could lose a lot I know you get
insurance for that that my real problem
is when you're not thinking when you get
hit and then you immediately respond
that's a real problem cuz look you've
seen that video that giant six foot five
guy who punched that 11 year old girl in
the face yes she had a compass she well
she definitely shouldn't walk tup to
when it was whether it was and she
definitely shouldn't have pushed him
first but he definitely shouldn't have
punched her in the face his big giant
fucking guy I know
yeah with a nice shot you don't want you
don't want to punch a girl you don't
want to hit her and I didn't don't you
don't want to go into that reptilian
part of your brain either that just
responds to being assaulted
no that was killed that's very dangerous
I saw you that remember that clip years
ago you in the parking lot that the
comedy still arguing some broad follow
that feminist lady
I just mean I thought you were gonna
fall they're all I was trying to be nice
to the meanest people on the air I was
nice to that lady for a long time until
she's coming to town when she's gonna
she's gonna hit me with her cigarette
and like listen you're not doing
anything
no I always watched it go what's gonna
happen next
it's just so stupid that people think
they can get away with things like that
well my hand won't lay if you were in
alone in a parking lot with that girl
and she punched you in the face like
that what if I even fucking cracked her
there
I said this and I've been making this
point you want true gender equality yeah
if we had it I could have fucking
knocked her the fuck No and everybody
wouldn't you know what she had it coming
yeah we all went home well that's not
the world what you showed amazing
restraint and not hitting her back
because I wasn't drinking and what no
what if you were trying yeah yeah I
would have probably wrestled her at
least cuffed her yeah fair slap yeah
yeah I would have gave her from behind
though and dirty one oh yeah I would it
came from here yeah but see that every
that video there's a there's a kid a
black kid walking down the street and
some black neighbor and he's rapping a
some shit and this black kid walks up
behind like in a wife-beater and winds
up from his asshole with an open hand it
would blow your eyes out if you had the
headphones yeah but I I was proud of
myself and that's why I was laughing
after the incident of people I know who
been telling me you know you know cool
little webber you should keep you they
were all like yeah shut up fucking
body's like my aunt's like I was so
proud of myself for once that I was you
know I was the adult in the room and I
you know I know and the times were
limiting and it wouldn't matter the
circumstance if the toxic masculinity if
if I croaked her well I don't know man
if somebody punches you and you punch
him back I don't know what the fucking
rules are oh I do I mean she's obviously
very small a little bit of real problem
because she's small but you shouldn't be
fucking hitting people now what you said
you were working on it like me you're
still in the middle of it like what's
going on with it yes I I'm pursuing it
and they it's just so you can tell they
don't give a fuck
the the DA was a woman in that County
and now she's off the case for some
reason they shuffled uh but they went
they you know it should be assault
aggravated assault but of course you
can't go because if you don't get
I can't sue her civilly if I lost that
it would hurt my case so at least that's
the logic they were telling me so
they're trying to get her with like
second-degree harassment and now they're
there's a new woman on the case and she
said they they're making her go to you
know anger management and because she
has mental issues and I'm not looking
for money I just want to make an example
of her so but why why not pursue it as a
salt it's clearly a salt I know well you
tell me
so is your lawyer's decision to not
pursue it it's not know nobody who first
of all nobody wanted to take the case
because I'm fine really yeah they're
like you sites not fucked up you're not
in a wheelchair you know but yeah did I
give the lawyer's credit for that much
they're honest it's all about the money
but that's crazy but I found the guy
this guy Andrew funk was a lawyer who
was a Marine and I said he contacted me
and he put me in touch first with a
Russian woman who took about three of my
calls and she got tired because there
was no money involved and they hooked me
up with another guy another lawyer who
right now I'm dealing with but yeah they
were all right up front that the the if
there's no money involved and you know
permanently you're not gonna you know
but I just well I don't want money and
this guy sort of agreement it's Andrew
font guy is a Marine he just wants to
make an example she said I was racist
and sexist you know so I just want to
make an exam not looking for money but
her it's her father that really pisses
me off
she's nuts how old is broads nuts like
20 21 goes to a school in upstate New
York so she's not that not she lives on
her own but it's the fucking old man
that was complicit in it I think he
actually used her as like a weapon that
night it seems like it would be way
harder to prove yes she was that he was
complicit yeah and it would be too I
agree that she punched you no I agree
did she apologize ever never she she she
ran up into the lobby which is way
normally where you take pictures with
fans and she put her head on the table I
was crying after she realized what she'd
done or whatever you know they took her
like a psychiatric hospital so they're
saying well you know you know so I just
want to make an example of her that's
all I I don't I'm not looking for but
but
you know that's ridiculous and the next
time I will hit back you think yeah
don't don't no wait a minute you mean oh
it's too little well give me a kick that
would just like hurt our ovaries what
three oh go for me pussy I just would
say don't either but even in the future
if somebody does know I'm not I would I
would never well you've been proved a
being or guy who proved it cuz you
haven't done it you didn't do it you had
the ultimate opportunity somebody
actually hit you you didn't hit him it's
one of my proudest moments yeah you
should should be proud of that
I didn't ever get into it with a fan I
was somebody in the audience no I've
been in twice one time the comedy store
got threw a drink at me holy shit yeah
and how did you restrain yourself um
remember I essentially invited him to
get killed
come on up here come on up here I'll
show you what's up and drink you from
with drinking some asshole there's him
and his dad they were heckling everybody
before the show before I got on stage
rather through heckling everybody is a
long time ago it's probably 2003 2004
and he knows who you are and he's you're
just a pussy you just just threw it my
way you know who wanted to get famous
well he didn't even want to get famous
there was no social media back then not
because people weren't getting famous
and things like that put in the paper
he's just a drunk asshole who's
interrupting comedy and the Comedy Store
back then had zero protection nobody
please in the cloud crowd room right no
no crowd crowd control at all but yeah
it's fucking it's an issue with people
they're drinking right and especially if
you get crazy people that are drinking
no weird stuff can happen
it's unfortunate yeah it's just you know
people that don't have respect for
performers - they don't have respect for
what you're doing that it's difficult
and if they disagree with you they think
they're disagreeing even if it's just a
joke you didn't even know where the joke
is going they'll interrupt and they'll
yell stuff out and they've just know no
regard for the
warm that you're in the fact there's
hundreds of other people that are there
to see you it's about their mind and
their selfish notion that they want to
get out right away they and they have no
idea how little it takes to throw off
the balance of the room oh yeah
just a slight confrontation just see
just telling somebody to shut up and all
sudden like you're the bad guy and a lot
of times it's somebody right up front so
they can't hear ya you know and then it
looks like you're just scolding somebody
for no reason
yeah I've had that though and I'm super
sensitive somebody farts in the 52nd row
I can hear it or whatever I am I just
have that you know yeah well you know
I've learned I've faked no exactly yeah
exactly I mean because you do you study
what's going on you read their faces and
whatnot and I'm really good at it and
fuck and if I see one person laughing
out of 600 or not last
yeah you've always been like no but I
fixed it I fixed it years ago well after
about 12 club said listen you gotta stop
doing that I did but you know what I am
so much better and not hitting her
approved it alright now I I I had a bra
breakup that had nothing to do with me
it got them a couple years ago what was
it about two tables were fightin amongst
each other oh I heard about it was
hilarious
talk about hitting a girl I just stood
on the stage I loved it I felt like
Lenny Bruce oh you get comics have a lot
of punk in us you know I did but I
didn't start this fucking brawl breaks
out I'm watching it two tables girls and
guys Impa there's a girl in the middle
with her fists up like she took three
fucking taibo class all classes she's
and she takes a swing and hits one of
the bounces i watch this other bout to
come across the room and drop her like a
fucking use rubber I mean hit her like I
got she was a guy really oh my god I
don't know how this guy you didn't do
jail but these broads this is what this
feminist movement is taken I'm now they
jump in every time you see a fight at a
football game the stands is women
involvement yet they really fucking
think I'm sorry but legislation you
can't fucking legislate the the DNA out
of us and they were always in the middle
of it you notice that a lot of fuckin
broads think they can do get out
our bunch right have a dilemma but yeah
yeah they seem too many Wonder Woman
movies well exactly they've been
brainwashed well there's a lot of people
in general that think they could go
around punching people like how about
did all these auntie fat dorks that are
yeah make sure you face well then not
only that they're starting fights with
people and they have zero idea how to
fight Hey they're swinging at people did
you see the one guy a guy swings at this
guy with a bat
yeah or with a baton the guy catches the
baton he touches him in the face and
chaos him and his head snaps back and
his head bounces off the concrete when
he falls down it's awful to watch like
what the fuck made you think you could
just hit a man with a stick because you
guys disagree with each other yeah and
and you're right when they interview
them after a lot of times they not even
after a fight but they need to be
somebody's in TV they sound like almost
swishy yeah some of them swishy look
homosexual sort of saying weak
effeminate well they're they want to
become a look look the antifa is just
like any other group of people they give
you a community whether it's a gang or
whether it's what a criminal
organization or what you know what
whatever it is people fall in line with
the sensibilities of that organization
and then you do what you can to support
that organization to show that you're a
valued member and then you know you
start wearing their fucking ski masks
and hitting people with sticks and
everybody's practicing karate in the
park because you think they're gonna be
able to defend themselves the whole
thing is ridiculous but because their
life has no value outside of them well
isn't it weird I know that look my
parents were hippies and when I grew up
I always thought that people on the Left
were peace-loving though that was what
the the the the knock was they were
peace-loving well-educated but you're
seeing now people on the left like these
certain factions of them not all of them
but are people that are calling for
violence
they have violent pacifists ironically
yes well they don't want to do it
themselves but they're calling for other
people to do right Yeah right they're
calling for people Unicom words like
that kid with the manga hat like Raisa
Aslan Barone have you ever seen a more
punchable face yeah what a fuck are you
saying yeah you know it's like this
extreme lack of empathy for young people
to like young people that that don't
fall in line with their ideas they don't
give a fuck there
fuck that kid punch him throw him in
jail lock him up it's just like it's
there's a lack of empathy and a lack of
thought behind it it's it's very
unsocial media has only thrown gas on
that yes and then you got these Russian
accounts that are firing this up on both
sides that are attacking from the left
and the right I think that's a way
bigger issue than people think
I think these these troll farms and
these people that are setting up these
fake accounts and just getting people
riled up I think there's a lot of
fucking lemmings out there and a lot of
colleges right yeah they fall into these
arguments like how many people do you
know that getting involved in Twitter
arguments and then they they stew with
those arguments all day they keep
checking their mentions to get it
oh yeah heavily involved that if someone
can get you involved in that like if the
Russians can get a group of dummies
involved in that kind of dispute they
could literally change the way people
are interacting with you with each other
they're making the interactions more
aggressive more violent so you think
it's the Russian I think it has
something to do with it I think there's
a polarization between the left and the
right period but I think they are
definitely Ehsan yeah this this thing
that I was reading or that listening to
rather this Sam Harris podcast very
fucking interesting because they're
talking about the what we actually know
about the data and where it's coming
from and how these people are doing this
and how they're setting these things up
yeah that guy the comic that you and I
talked about again that clip of this
Russian who is a former KGB guy who
defected to this country explaining how
it works looking back at the eggs yeah
explaining exactly how it works and what
he was saying this is 30 something years
ago 35 Jesus is going down exactly the
exact and Putin is a king you know oh
god oh
Christ yeah yeah I mean that's this idea
that Trump's working with him is fucking
silly well I don't know about that I
don't think he's working with him to
undermine democracy but I definitely
think they've got some business dealings
I mean they were offering Trump that's
not illegal the penthouse and Trump
that's a little legal none of that is
illegal don't take that from me take
that from Alan Dershowitz
don't smarter than both of us I'm not
saying it's illegal but I don't think
that he was honest about that he said I
don't do any dealings with Russia I
don't have any business with Russia and
he definitely did does
not true won't we'll see well say that's
what the targeting they're not gonna get
him for anything
you know things I know you think he's
gonna just
well maybe impeachment but I'd even on
what K I don't even know what they get
him high crimes and misdemeanors I don't
I don't know what what he's done to talk
about building a tower in Moscow is not
illegal what to have business and what
do you what did he lie about
specifically well there's a lot like
what we could pull it up let's let's
find out all the things
salon.com or you can go to a million
different websites well I know we just
establish that the the fucking social
media tilt slap so yes social media does
we're not talking about pulling up
social media page what are you pulling
up I don't know why should you know I'm
like I'm not a trump scholar I haven't
have at my disposal all the different
times that he lied but it's a lot so
what do you thinks gonna happen to him
you think they'll impeach him II mean no
or we go resign or what I don't know
look I'm not I'm not claiming to be any
sort of an expert in legal proceedings I
have no idea either that's why I quoted
Dershowitz yeah I think Durst was
working with Trump no Giuliani is oh
that's right
Darren I always go to Darsh woods
because he's drunk and lip Trump
averaged 15 and a half so he's on his
truce a day in 2018 almost triple the
rate from a year of hell okay but hold
on a second what's the indoor season
myths truths it's a European paper yeah
but isn't that a little odd 15 a day no
because I don't know is making that
claim I don't know the exact 15
inaccuracies you doubt that it's true
you think that's all a lie that is made
up the fact that he lies a lot lies
about what first of all it's a
definition of a lie all right let's see
it says Washington Post who they hate
those yeah the president made one point
99 such claims in 2018 by the last day
of mm yeah you don't know the watching
good dog okay point but what but let's
see what it says I mean they can't lie
the total figure is into 7600 so you
think they just made up all these lives
not all of them I'm sure but you could
you could go back with Hillary in
fucking town you could go to go to Fox
knows and then put out what pull up an
article how many times Hillary was in
you're right do you know what a what
about ism is a what about is yeah when
someone talks about something and
instead of refuting it with facts they
go yeah well what about Hillary what
about Bill bill did it - what about this
what about you gotta tell what about ISM
and that's what I just committed it was
because you were saying a Hillary lied
but you don't agree but you're making my
point you go ahead Washington Post okay
well that's just Jamie pulled up the in
the pen no we could go anywhere but hold
on a second yeah look I'm with you
I think Hillary's a liar I think she
deleted 30,000 emails all right it's
criminal I think they're right the
Clinton Foundation's a fucking fully
illegal organization
I think they rigged the DNC I think they
they rigged the primaries against right
I'm with you I'm not a supporter no I'm
not saying you have but when's the last
time somebody made a statement like that
and and said this many inaccuracies when
Bill Clinton was in office well I don't
think he lies or or Hillary I'm sure
ever I'm sure there was some
inaccuracies but first of all when Bill
Clinton was in office they weren't they
count Obama's I don't know but that's
what what about ISM yeah I'm saying
we're just talking about Trump you were
saying that Trump doesn't lie and
they're saying these lies I thought she
doesn't know first of all you said what
does he live know first of all you know
I like to know the definition of a lie
if he misstates something do you think
he doesn't write only I'm sure sometimes
when you're talking them okay so if he
lies 1,000
yeah that's Washington Post it's
horseshit I don't know I do know he's a
bullshitter for sure yes
Joe would you argue that they haven't
been trying to take him down since he
came down that fucking escalator how
about the deep state how about the how
about the fucking dossier what why is it
always I mean the dossier what dossier
the fake thoughts yet Christopher Steele
that they used to get the the Flies
explain what the what you're talking
about
I just did they know what I'm talking
about no no don't
they don't cuz I don't know what do you
mean the dossier the fake das remember
they said they know what he's talking
about
they had yes they had you have all this
so you're being willfully ignorant no I
don't know the Nick I don't know hey I'm
explaining hold on a second would you
you know I've heard these are terms I've
heard yes and
stuff but you don't know the full extent
yeah well this is what I'm talking about
this is as big a story as anything Trump
has done what is the story
distilled dossier that Hillary used they
went to you had to get a appliqu from
the FISA courts and they went they used
DNC opposition Christopher Steele who's
a British guy had connections in Russia
remember when they said Trump was at a
hotel and watching girls peeing on each
other yes that was all in the steel
dossier Christmas Steel isn't it they
use that in their application to get a
FISA warrant to spy on Trump during his
campaign that's fact that's not me being
a right winger that is fact okay so but
the fact that that like that you don't
know that no I remember that now oh
that's what I'm talking about
you met the story as Trump you know
lying about the number paper does
inauguration I want to know the I want
to know alive from Trump that's equal
equal in power as like when Obama said
you know lied about health care that you
could keep your health care and all that
give me an example of Trump with that
big of a lie well listen I told you
that's lie I'm not president slide all
politicians lie I'm just saying they
start to count it when Trump took over
they started keeping you know because it
exists like what give me an example look
look we just showed you all the numbers
of the Washington Post so if I give you
another example you're gonna say oh if
you go to Solano salon carr all right
well go to I don't know what you've
gotten more done than any other
administration okay this is a lie so
true blah blah blah see now so let's see
what it's that Jamie go back to it what
are you doing but who's saying that's a
lie
let's see let's see okay see what it is
Jesus Christ you're so defensive it's
like do you work for the organization no
I don't but you're putting I'm saying
you know this isn't the Washington what
is it
and since and it oh the NBC okay NBC
okay so where is that look man I'm just
reading what it's in front of me I know
and I'm just you're so emotional about
what cups of coffee Emmys you had to huh
please know I'm right I don't know
you're talking to me you don't know that
the mainstream media hates Trump are you
gonna I do why would you put your
fucking because I want to know you
whether or not they are saying what what
is stop stop doing that Jaime go back to
what it was you can't cause his Trump
later said that he intended the UN
moment to garner a laugh that is
repeated this claim seriously since okay
so he says the administration has
accomplished more than almost any
Administration in the history of the
country so this is just that's an
exaggeration hyperbole right and people
were laughing when he said that and so
he was saying that he meant to say it as
a laugh okay
there are hiring measures of success but
it's not true that his administration
has been more successful than any other
administration in history when it comes
to legislation Trump aside plenty of
bills since first two uses President
Barack Obama in his first two years has
significantly more signed significantly
more okay this is just one thing I mean
I'm sure there's many many other things
absolutely going over and over then I'm
with you I'm not a bullshitter but I'm
just saying all of a sudden they keep
score when it when try to keep score
because he lies so much well who is
keeping score and fucking Hillary with
Secretary of State
well it's a Senator in Washington
Secretary of State and I don't know how
much she lied as opposed to how much he
lies are a lot bigger there's a butter
fucking server and about the steel
dossier that that is huge that is
getting under covered like nobody's been
that that Dwarfs Watergate when they
unmask general Flynn that that Dwarfs
Watergate mmm that's an interesting
conversation I don't know if that's the
truth I don't know enough about
Watergate alright but you know about
that either okay
is it the coffee going on here well yeah
this is drawing on crime it's just I'm
just your act as if I'm against you I'm
not against me even if you were that
will be fine but yet I'm not you're not
against me but I'm just saying to call
Trump a big ally than the fucking every
other politician is an exaggeration I
don't know why the mainstream media who
hates his guts I think most politicians
are liars
I think that is a lowly
to doing that but I think the way he
lies is unusual I think it's the nerd
than usual it's just an unusual you
don't think so he he exaggerates like
statements like that is an exaggeration
although he did do a lot in his first
couple years would never get credit for
it you know unless you watch Fox knows
you're not gonna but would you would you
agree that as you get older you become
more like more conservative no I was
always a bit of a dick I got a tattoo of
Nixon on my ass I thought it was yes no
I would say that was that's a what do
they say about if you young you know
you're young and conservative you have
no soul no heart no old and liberal
brilliant mind yeah I don't like that
yeah I would say yeah that's true but I
could always detect the bullshit you
know i mean i mean i remember watching
CNN in an airport when I first started
comedy that's like 1988 night you know
and getting excited at some of the shit
well it's interesting because I don't
disagree with you on everything and I
love you as a person you're a great guy
I like you a lot always happy to see you
but yet you and I here get a little
heated talking about this stuff but this
is politics this is how divisive
politics are if even a person like but I
would never I would never fucking I
would never leave here going I don't do
that show again right we've known each
other for 30 years yeah you know it's
not that's not the problem what I'm
saying is I'm just using this example of
how divisive politics so lonely when
people talking about afraid of it
no you know I mean a lot of people
aren't right yes yeah I'm not afraid of
it a lot of people are afraid of bad
vibes and bad feelings then this is one
things but this is one of the things
that makes people toe the line is the
fear of this kind of altercation the
fear of this kind of like you don't want
that from inside your party so you right
you start using they in them you start
thinking that everyone should be able to
use any bathroom that they feel like
they identify with you start but you
start going along the line it's one of
the more interesting things about
politics is that if you tell me that you
are Republican I can kind of guess your
stance on God I can kind of guess your
stance on
being pro-life or pro-choice Second
Amendment rights it's like all those
things sort of fall in line and it's
very interesting it's very interesting
how you you sort of adopt not you but
people sort of adopt a whole group of
things when you decide you're a
Republican you decide you're a Democrat
right
I don't but yeah I don't think I fall
into that how do you feel about guns
John iam well got any guns
yeah how many got one just one yeah I
I'm not a big gun guy
as far as abortion that I want mom I
don't want to say pro-choice but I'm not
I'm not pro-life one of the big reasons
is if you like I got a dad who's dying
of Alzheimer's watching them it's the
saddest thing if I could kill him
tomorrow put him out of his misery I
would I think he could take him to
Oregon the states that allow that there
states that allow people to I think I go
over state lines that like for all of us
Dale know there was a girl who's dying
of cancer who went to Oregon for that
very reason
yeah there Oregon is one of those I want
to I might be saying it wrong but I
think the idea is a right to a dignified
death no you're right just read about
yeah look man the idea that you're
supposed to just keep staying alive
until your fucking heart stops beating
silly horrible pain Billy it's it's it's
evil you don't do it - I had to put my
dog down okay I love this dog I've had
him for 13 years now had to put him down
because good and walking him would you
chuck him up I brought him to a place
you know he actually came to my house
Ashley and they they put him down sad
shit but but you can't do that for a 98
year old man and I was falling apart you
have to let him eventually stop
breathing right you know it's what you
said all the right should go out the
window that should be you first right
it's your goddamn life yeah that's why I
couldn't be like pro-choice a pro you
know pro-life or whatever and that and I
got girls pregnant when I was younger
and I was glad there was a Planned
Parenthood whatever it was yeah the guy
in the alley with a stick
because name was Dave so I don't but in
showbiz Joe Mannino it is in showbiz
because this is a pretty liberal
business if you're like if you're right
on two of ten issues like you're like a
fucking Nazi right you know I mean I
just called
all right adjacent it's my favorite oh
my god they keep coming up with that
well you can't call me all right because
I'm pretty left-wing I'm most yeah yeah
they call so they call me all right a
Jason probably cuz I have people like
you want now I'm gonna be more alt right
adjacent because you cuz you in that
silly you have me on too you know your
listeners probably you know like you
like listen to this guy I don't agree
with anything that should be a feather
in your cap and they're gonna hold that
against you yeah silly well you know
it's not rational but again it's people
trying to have an effect on you they're
trying to have an effect they're trying
to make some ways try and do something
the writing blogs or creating videos
what they're doing it to try to put
pressure on you it's interesting though
it's we it's weird from a psychological
perspective you're looking at it from
the outside you know it's it's just it's
disconcerting when it's happening to you
but when you you can step back and look
at it like it's interesting it's like
these systems are opposing each other
and they're they're trying to figure out
or where the weaknesses are and how to
how to push to affect the other side
yeah and it's not and it's not just left
right you know it's bigger than that
inside you know what was the book I read
what's the place where they go to meet
every year Bohemian Grove burger
Bilderberg Group that was one of my
favorite books the truth about the
Bilderberg Group and what goes on there
and the powerful people that meet and
people always saying there's probably
ten guys in a room that friend the whole
fucking well okay but you show me them
until then I'll stay on the left-right
fighting have fun right the idea is if
there's ten guys that control everything
and they don't give a fuck of its left
or right they're just about money it's
yeah fellows were involved and and they
but it's weird that was really creepy
they planned shit out decades ahead
there they planned out of education yeah
decades ahead though and and it comes
true like they write a sitcom script
that lasts for 15 years with plot points
it was that book was incredible I camera
up the author's name but yeah
but I don't I don't mind I used to sit
at that table at the Comedy Cellar
that's how tough crowd came about
I mean Patrice yelling at each other
about Rachel's yeah tough crowd was a
great fucking show but I really am
worried that you couldn't have a show
like that I know you should be no no I'm
let me ask you and I'm not taking left
right but who would be to blame for that
that that's why I lean right and I think
and you do in some areas you're in a I
mean you're an artist you're stand-up I
cannot be I cannot vote with a party
that is for census shit right and and
for groupthink did we ever find out
what's going on with Dennis Prager did
we get a line on that does that still
bother me no no I just um it does bother
me because I like the guy he's great
he's I don't agree with him on a lot of
things yeah seems like a very nice guy
and I like Adam I do toe both those guys
it there's a lawsuit he's bringing a
lawsuit that they think it's gonna go a
long way there's because they were
labeling his show as hate speech maybe
it's backup or whatever but I know that
story you can find that anywhere there's
a real concern that the ideologies
behind these tech companies all go in
one direction and they have the
overwhelming control of the narrative
because of the fact yes they're all what
we're we're getting all of our
information most people are getting it
on their phones most people are getting
a lot of their media on their phones so
the Netflix said something like 50
percent of the people that watch my
special watch it on a phone that's
amazing I mean that's crazy
that people are so that all this stuff
is coming from these tech companies
doesn't have then that kind of bother
you that it's the phone because when I
hear that not that matters with my
specials but when I picture somebody
watching sampling I found you don't have
the full attention they're doing other
things
mmm-hmm yummy as opposed to sitting in
front of their computer really TV yeah
the kind of bug yeah you put all that
work into it and they're on the subway
watching it and I I don't pay attention
to when I can't control I don't let to
make me nut yeah get over there
that's what the moms like I'm in I love
it I'm gonna have to try the little one
I'll give you a little one just so once
not today I got a drive to San Diego I
was perfect
me and trav yeah well you know the time
is your show
I know I'm fuckin gonna be what time's
your show at 7:30 it's for I pulled up
in ways that says if I leave at 3:00
it's gonna take four hours oh you better
leave it to then it's almost you
thinking meiotic know did I say anything
was the coffee but I just hooked drove
there last week for Brendan Schaub
specially did shot a Showtime special
how long did it took me five and a half
hours to get down there took me fucking
forever flying I didn't wanna I wasn't
bringing up before the show I saw my
manager Fabius yeah my man is thought
he's dome a fan we just pull it up in
Google just goop out on ways right now
yeah well Google do it too if you just
Google I'm away where is the gig where
yeah comedy palace eight ladies don't
punch him you know you know where he is
you racist piece of shit fucking sexist
you hate women though it is him sir
oh it is fuckin it's a uterine cancer
future females are the future futures
feminine I'll take my life tonight
that's that one filthy whores
anyways fucking hairy thick ankle girls
that can't get laid and they turn their
Angus pretty they just oh you haven't
met a stripper who's a feminist yet oh
I've talked to almost two over the last
40 years at 3:45 right now three hours
and forty-five three hours and 45
minutes to clock it okay if you leave
right now you get there an hour before
the show you kick me out you know I
don't know I think don't make me come
across what I'm nervous about
and I'm just being honest what up what
I'm what I'm nervous about is that it's
gonna get worse eating me longer in the
next hour
you understand it's making me nervous
that you are nervous because I was the
one who's gonna have to get out here a
little early I thought you gotta go
you'll be fine you'll fucking get you to
that I got down to San Diego on Saturday
night I was delirious I've been drinking
and fucking
this is fumes from the highway cuz
everything would stop and go the whole
way
don't might want to try to catch a
flight if you can the only thing to say
I'm not going to the fucking Airport I
would rather walk run the jewels is the
only thing that saved me she's rockin
out my car it was uh it was a horrible
drive yeah well the whole world lives
here of course it's gonna be horrible no
the the real Americans live in the
middle don't they Jesus land yeah
flyover state saddle up in Ohio what do
you like to work where's like your
favorite place see that's where I'm
gonna get you San Francisco I love San
Francisco I'm kiddin haven't been there
in years
they love me because happy that
someone's like bucking the trend that's
right well that's how it used to be but
that's how left-wing and then fucking
stupid dip turn into a Bobby Slayton
could have run for mayor of San
Francisco right yeah yeah he's still
play up there I have not seen they loved
me I almost won that competition they
have maybe at the punch like twice a
year for like three years
I love the punch line and then all of a
sudden you know no go what stuff people
always say they I bet you killed down
south in Atlanta no those people they
all have guilt complexes about being
racists and bigots so when you do
something off-color they'll you know
they'll laughing under their cowboy hats
what about like Cleveland I Cleveland's
a tough one for me they don't have a
like I don't have like I don't know my
sarcasm is almost qu2 they're almost to
Midwest for me you know I made honest to
god really what about Columbus I don't
do Columbus why don't you do Columbus I
don't know our deal and get in trouble
for fucking doing black jokes there I
don't I don't know trouble this Eli gold
scratch that probably I complained
because he did a black joke I'm Michael
that sounds like a great club yeah Club
is this the funny bone yeah it's a great
fucking Club I know I'll get there get
over there I will go I'll get there no
cuz it's changed a lot since I just said
because I thought it's I want to do
small theaters John I want to do clubs
okay you know yeah I'm doing this to
cover the cost to come on out here
tonight and I'm dumping Torah Hakam
because I oh that's a good spot it's fun
that Chinese restaurant no it's an
actual club oops yeah it's a Chinese
restaurant it is not it's a comedy club
I worked it what do you mean in Chinese
restaurants connected to a Chinese we
have Chinese food there
oh it's connected to a right I think
it's Alec come I'm standing in the
kitchen I've worked there boys coming up
the fuck it's a good spot I love it so
I'm doing that Sunday I'm not scared to
work at Chinese restaurant is this
coming up this is dream life right yeah
so comedy catalyst I'm see I'm counting
on it cuz I did no JDO polishing their
knuckles right now good I'm fucking I
have two knifes in my car can I bring
that samurais can I bring that 1500 year
old school I want to give you some sort
of protection I don't want to give you a
weapon please I can do 12 deep knee
bends nobody's gonna fuck up well um
what about 457 I'm how you yeah good I'm
hanging in there
especially for no hormone replacement I
don't get you on the sauce you don't
think that's my first call me yeah yeah
Oh yep okay get you to a doctor they'll
take care you figure out what your blood
levels are at Ken's on the right baby
dr. John me you know you're right
oh for sure yeah there's a lot near you
gotta get you off of these dolls get you
out of these what do you got there
marijuana yeah I know at the marijuana
doesn't help you go to sleep or
something thank you one of those guys no
I can't help my buddy took it I took 118
edible I was like doing acid for me
I was watching Bob Newhart and also now
I was in the suspect in this fucking
show and it was in black and wife and my
wife was not my wife and my house was
not my house I get all this is so this
is from a little bit of an edible those
are strong they're making them they're
making them strong they're doing
horrible things to people out here but
now they have new rules where edible has
to be ten milligrams which is that's
doable but here's the thing
ain't nobody measuring those fucking
things how about the CBD shit Joe yeah
CBD is great I know I went into a bar in
New York and the bartender pushed it on
me they were like he had like a camp
hand gone and the problem was I had
already had a couple drinks so I
couldn't tell but I slept good when I
took you know CBD is amazing yeah yeah
some of it has a little bit but
it's very little most of it is very
little but it's really good for your
joints and for aches and pain yeah
inflammation stuff like that for a lot
of people is good for anxiety you know I
don't have any of that I'm as cool as a
cucumber Wow amazing
cigarettes amazing that's what keeps me
cool what about Texas do you like work
in Texas yes
yeah IIIi gotta be honest I haven't been
to these places in a while but yes and
I'll go to Texas no I did I was I said I
wasn't Dallas and some of the jokes that
make people cringe elsewhere we're
getting rounds of applause in Dallas a
time I said you just you know not in a
hate boy might fuck some night but you
know have you say Jew as I said it
sounds hate that sound that's just a
weird Louie does a bit about that and I
are you I used to ask low E when we live
together I go how come we first move to
New York I said I hear people saying
yeah he's a Jew or whatever and nobody
gets mad and stuff because in Boston if
somebody said he had that back and you
but but Dallas was great for me
so Dallas is great um Houston Houston is
great
Austin is great Texas is the shit you
did an album in Houston this is Austin
mmm-hmm you do it at the Laugh act
laughs stop and yes yes I did an album
is it there no more knows now that was
well that was a there that yeah what is
it now um you know sometimes like
they'll have shows there sometimes I
think someone had something there for a
while I don't know the full story but
that was one of the greatest clubs ever
laughs stop in River Oaks remember that
crazy dude was running it the fuck's his
name yeah fucks his name bald guy yes
mark yeah Italian last name oddly enough
Joey knew him well well real well I
forgot about that dude yeah yes and that
was Bill Hicks yeah place they had a
fucking legit open mopin mic in the
fucking and the front from the firearm
and it was legit like dude comics I
watched it I know these kids are open
mind yeah there's no Euston right yep
Houston is a very eclectic City it's
really different it's not what people
think of when they take a Houston that
think of like cowboy hats and oh no not
it's very diverse there's a lot go
very urban there's a lot of cool shit
going on Houston very artistic I'm a big
fan
yeah Sam you like it you know Pete let's
go you must kill in Atlanta and I'm like
no there there there PC there act
cosmopolitan areas for the most part
yeah you don't kill in Atlanta yeah well
I can kill if I want to but some of the
shit that you but some of the stuff you
think that would kill you know they get
second yeah down here right but that you
know cosmopolitan areas is more you know
what about Phoenix Phoenix is it gets
Phoenix is good that's a great yeah yeah
great spots if you didn't live in New
York where would you live
for comedy purposes just your life in
comedy for life in comedy yeah
Burlington Vermont really no I'm kidding
what could be up there with fuckin Ben
and Jerry no I wouldn't burn easily all
right it's a boy it has to involve
comedy probably Texas really yeah
somewhere my brother lived outside of
Dallas and he loved it that's great i'ma
fight you all money you could have seven
castles oh seven I don't want seven too
many to look after folks you should see
the place for a needling Josh oh yeah
yeah the gym outsides nice Jim I like
Texas I'm a big fan of Texas I'd live in
Texas I think I'd live in Colorado first
oh yeah yeah we'd not just weed
mountains you like them huh I love the
way what it does for you there's
something about being around mountains
that uh that it I was actually reading
something about this that there's a an
actual thing that happens to people when
you're faced with immense natural beauty
that it diminishes your ego and yourself
and it puts people in you know put you
in an angle and then you set an aerial
perspective be being around mountains
it's humbling sure you around them it's
beautiful it's like the best looking art
you could ever see is like a gorgeous
mountain with some green hills and the
Sun coming out of the clouds like it's
well that's good good to look at is
anything that's ever existed like I'm
I'm not very religious I don't know I
haven't made up my mind but when I see
stuff like that is when I get kind of
you want to make up your mind I got
something right here for you what is
that mushrooms
I know that's exactly what they're for
how about Joe if I come and if I tuck
these in did you show before just take a
little do not fuck that
nobody's got to get hurt just a little
watch a mere do you do that
I don't know I don't to be giggling in
the car on the way they'll be throwing
up by myself you'll be fine what's it do
what's gonna happen well I want to get
out of here before it takes effect it's
gonna get me in a fucking some type of
scissors law it should be legal it would
make people mellow the fuck out would
open that third eye man he would do
something really good for people the
problem is you forget you take it
sometimes you know like an hour and a
half later like why am I so weak oh okay
yeah I don't want to be that far on my
own head mmm
that's scary have you ever done the
float tank no you wanna do that why
can't you think can't I could have float
the fuck in San Diego I should go down
there on the raft like everybody else
does last time I ran into you I am so
nervous that you get nervous about me
making my show Candice yeah I think
we're gonna get you out of here in about
15 minutes that's what I think all right
moves that all right yeah I think that's
the right move maybe 10 you guys got me
really fucking nervous now III wish I
was but at least you have ways ways
we'll put you on some weird fucking
funky backcountry routes that'll cut 20
minutes out of it only end up in Mexico
you'll be fine
very close to Mexico but super
conservative that's what's interesting
about San Diego I used to dye my first
album it--the in La Jolla military yes
it's all minutes right on there yeah
safest fuck yeah see maybe I'll have one
of those guys at my show tonight the
people have said to be like where where
would you would you live in a military
town like he asks that's nice to live
you gotta have gyms for sure
you definitely have gun ranges when you
say that is that when they throw you
into the alright adjacent category yeah
I mean that the American flag behind me
probably contributes that oh my god how
horrible I know you're fuckin extremist
young ones the Constitution decolonizing
that's one of my favorite things
decolonizing you've been paying
attention to that expression
people want to decolonize their
certain things like what Olek hairstyles
and shit decolonize yeah yeah you're not
yeah there was a guy who got kicked off
of a show he's talking I ran out no
there's a guy who got kicked off of a
show he was he was on a show I think was
in Montreal and he had he had dreadlocks
on and it was this he's apparently
gender-fluid which I guess my tabal done
that yeah you can go back and forth
between being a man and a woman but he
does have dreadlocks and they kicked him
off the show because he's a white guy
with dreadlocks and he defended their
position and one of the phrases they
used was about decolonizing specific
hairstyles and taking them away from
white people and giving them back to the
people
oh that's sort of appropriation is what
their acute appropriation yeah
hairstyles I'd like to go with dreads
has a 57 year old hunt Angus you'd be
weird
you'd be wear with dreads I get famous
just from that there that no white
goatee colic Quinn says I should wear a
black he says I'm gonna turtle angry
Steve Jobs a black turtleneck with
yellow lightning bolts and call myself
Don Corrado does he's just bein funny I
heard he has an amazing new show that
guy watch him work it out man it's it's
all about politics it's about what we're
talking about red versus blood so timely
and shit and you know he's a he's a
craftsman I watch him at a fat black
pussycat I'd go on sometimes I have a
show up to his what is the fat black
pussy gets you'd fucking love it just
right around the corner from the Comedy
Cellar
he's got a real bohemian feel to it
people sitting in couches there's lamps
it holds about 75 people Carla was of
course quick enough and smart enough to
say I'm using us every night to work
shit out and people know you can say
like I'm only charging you five dollars
because I'm gonna be working new stuff
out but you would love it Keeney and
feel to it and it's and they give you
the door not that that effect has
anything to do with you but but it's
great it's it's you know you do an hour
have you I smoke
Wow time it's so fun it's so again it's
like 75 seats a little happy power it's
very attractive so New York has some
weird little clubs man it's really
interesting how New York has it because
the guys are just hopping around like
that I never when I lived in New York I
could never afford to live in the city
so I lived in New Rochelle and when I
did gigs I was like well I could work in
town and do ten minutes of 15 minutes or
I could just go on the road and do a gig
in Connecticut or do a gig in Jersey and
make actual money and so I always did
that
so when I lived in New York I hardly
ever worked in New York yeah I don't as
much anymore I used to you know I used
to go to the comedy cell every night but
Louis made that place world famous yeah
and it's not it used to be a room where
you could work shit out and take your
time but now it's you know it's a
fucking tourist it's packed it's still a
great club and I yeah but I feel like
y'all grow that I don't want to do I
don't want to go on stage unless I'm
doing at least 40 minutes right right
you know I mean I gotta get something
done yeah 15 minutes sets don't that's
why I still do the fat black pussycat
which is such a great thing so look at
that nice yeah that's it and it's that
looks big you know it always looks
bigger hunt from a picture it's tiny
that's it like from a bet that's from
the balcony up there so this is like the
the belly room at the store it's small
smaller than that really oh yeah waste
water that way some ways smaller than
that the stores 70 people upstairs so
it's basically the same although one way
a belly yeah not the original room I was
like the original about yeah yeah I
would say like that yeah yeah it's you'd
fucking love it and people sitting in
couches and shit Wow it's it's really
cool and and Gnome who runs that he
couldn't be nicer you know and that's
the only one I really do in the sea
really yeah I'm like you I'd rather go
to governor's or somewhere else and do
some real time governor has a great club
yeah the other thing about doing like
clubs are there's a lot of people on
where you only do in 15 minutes the good
thing about it is that it's not your
crowd so you have to make people laugh
they're there just to see comedy they're
not gonna see Nick DiPaolo right like if
you go to you know
that happens to some guys they developed
their crowd and then they kind of lose
their edge yes
fucking it's scary right yes yes last
time I saw you on stage I walked into
Caroline's I was just I was just in town
for something and you were on stage it
was a Late Show and you were doing some
fucking show about Katrina a joke about
Katrina that they spelled help wrong on
the roof yeah how many people died
because they couldn't spell help looking
down from a helicopter it says app yeah
I said if you want help just step in
that water you're standing no I was
fucking crying laughs and I'm like Nick
is just still swinging from the hip yes
anyway that's my favorite joke that that
stage is still one of my favorites in
the country I don't do Caroline's kind
of the problem with Caroline's those
when they reduce the stage down to the
size of a fucking shoebox yes but but on
you're absolutely just a ball yeah but I
don't like on a Tuesday Wednesday night
with like 60 70 people and yeah it's
amazing
it is my fav I was so comfortable
because I played it so much when I first
moved to New York I could stay up there
for three hours I got so much done I
wrote half specials on that stage by
doing like Tuesday nights for a year oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah but you get it son
yeah right yeah you're right I like 60
60 people in the crowd fucking around
isn't that not fucking but I did
something to place up in Canada Niagara
Falls the corner comedy club I'm in a
real hole in the wall shitty tables and
Chino fucking on just cheesy had the
best time in my life well when a place
is big then it becomes a show and you
have to do your ads huh yeah yeah you
have to work tight yeah yeah
which stifles creativity yeah that's
what one of the one of the reasons why
Ari when he does the store he'll sign up
for like late night and he'll get on
like a 12:45 or some shit like that when
there's 20 people there and I always say
that that's like truth serum because if
you do your act in front of 20 people
you know what sucks like there's no no
confusing what sucks it's right in front
that's right that's right
you feel the terribleness of the
material you don't need 250 people tell
you suck it takes four couples yeah
hanging attention and you just but you
feel it like you can kind of song and
dance your way through a couple of
hundred P but right
see but yeah you're exactly right yeah a
barometer always said that give me just
double figures give me 15 to 20 yes that
is enough right great to work out
material of course great so is to cut
out all the horseshit in your act you
know yeah because if there's only 15
people in the room and some of them
don't like the joke oh you feel it yeah
the 15 cross arms staring you down like
that's where the work gets done yeah
yeah I hate I used to hate playing
Caroline's and this is ironic but this
is when I was you know had Comedy
Central specials and I was kind of hot
and I would sell out Caroline's I would
hate it though like two shows on a
Saturday night because it's packed and I
know I have something called the asshole
quotient for every 20 people in club
this one asshole so if there was like
250 you know somebody do the math so you
got more asshole yeah I always Road so
you have to work fast and tight to keep
their attention right as opposed to
taking your time on a Tuesday night in
front of 60 people and the real funny
comes up yeah you say shit in between
your proven bits yes is the gold Yeah
right yeah it comes out of nowhere it's
like it opens up when you and you put
yourself in that frame of mind to when
there's only 30 people and uh you know
midnight or something like that you're
putting yourself at a different frame
like there's no pressure
what kidnap let me ask you that that's a
can you do that in front of a full room
I can't put myself in that mentality
it's hard because you has to work
definitely I feel like I'm being a pussy
and giving in but I know damn well if I
work as slow as I do in front of 4050
people in front of 250 or 300 somebody's
gonna get anxious in the are at least
that's my like I that meant Alec you
said when you show him in 50 people it's
almost like fucking around in somebody's
living room yeah yeah yeah and I want
that failing in front of 300 people at
400 feet it's always different you know
we were talking about that last night
that like when you do a large theater
it's so much different than doing a club
even if you do a pack club of 500 people
then you move to a place that it's got
5,000 people it's not a different
feeling it's a totally different feeling
you have to do the air quotes act you
got to do your act you know yeah it gets
weird large numbers are weird yeah
timings different you have to you can't
hammer the punch line so you kind of
Club like in a club you go
punch remember Gavin would have to punch
a tag tag tag and those tags would just
have everybody roll oh yeah well if he
was doing ten thousand people that those
tags would get drowned out in the last
lot with all the people around you
I tried tagging when I did like my first
Tonight Show I tried tagging you know
and like like you said got lost
you don't tag like you're in a club you
know yeah number learning that lesson TV
yeah but you're absolutely right Gavin
was rapid-fire and oh I'm ever watching
him at Nick's I came in when I first
started coming and I step in the door
he's on stage and I'm like is he dying
everybody all that everybody was doubled
over in the audience I thought he was
fucking done all sudden you know you
couldn't hear any laughed at all so in a
huge roar I mean because he would tag
like I said good joke 11 times yeah and
people are still dying from the lat
they were literally bent over nothing
was coming out of them Allah I mean he
was shaking the radness breathe yeah I
think we got a chance to see some guys
that are probably some of the best
comics of all time and people don't know
you know I think between Sweeney and
Gavin and Lenny and and those guys that
we saw when they were in their prime and
that Iran just yeah Kenny when we were
coming up those guys were in their prime
and when we were young we got a chance
to see I think some of the greatest of
all time out a bud but they got stuck
well the guys at Knicks put them on a
contract for a while Robert gave them
good money and coke they were making I
remember telling me they were making
three grand a weekend and not having to
leave your city yeah making road money
and like you said a little some perks on
the side free booze all that yeah but
I'll live great what did they ever but
day yeah and in the long run you know
well in the long run it was a problem
but we got to see some crazy fucking car
I remember those some of those nights at
Nick's comedy Saab when you watch those
guys get I remember Sweeney killing so
hard yeah almost wanted to quit comic I
know there's no way I could do that well
I had to follow the fucking guy
Gavin wood in Boston back then if you
know Don Gavin show he would be the host
ceremony no Gavi the whole yeah
start off the show yeah that's a
different thing about Boston - right
that's right like if you did the Nick
DiPaolo show at Nick's comedy stuff you
would usually heart off this right and
and what was crazy it was great for
young comic but I had to follow Kevin
you on a tight 15 so it made me you know
fucking me you had to be able to hold
your own yeah and they talked 100 miles
an hour plus they're coked up and
they're really and they're really funny
they're really funny and they got heavy
Boston accents and they're big men
they're like big imposing people oh yeah
and they would destroy some guy who came
in I remember guys something gold
Ronnie gold from New York had just done
his first Tonight Show and shit and he
was coming to Nick's for the weekend and
everybody was dropping in Gavin would do
10 chance Lang doing all this guitar and
literally get like a standing ovation
his Ronny goal five minutes into it
cricket peak Ricky record creek bank
real kids with a blonde eyebrows fucking
suck yeah I remember that that was the
tough room if you were having a bad set
well they would do it to people on us
they would do it to anybody from out of
town that had a big attitude in a
Hollywood resume they did it to Billy
Crystal
they let Billy Crystal up in that room
well that I understand yeah well do what
you do they did it to everybody though
yes it was crazy to watch well yeah
they're like these guys we're as funny
as them we're gonna punish them and know
what you know who they didn't do it to
Dom era exactly da Marrero went up there
like a fucking champ and just rode the
wave yes you just kept that waves going
funny yeah I went on comics come home a
couple years ago no not the last of the
one before that and Dom had to close the
show and it was a murderer's row Bobby
Kelly fucking me Billy bar taking the
roof off the dump and I'm like Dom has
to close this and I he's as funny as
anybody but I'm just saying how's he
gonna he goes up there and he did
something self-deprecating it gets a
nice life within a minute and a half he
had them and there was no drop-off there
was no drop-off in response I went home
I didn't realize he was that fucking
good oh he's still that good Dom our era
has not lost a step brilliant I see you
at the store all the time yeah quit
drinking told me quit drinking for two
months
very
before him you know I say he has Han to
it like shake yeah is a nerve issue yeah
it's actually it goes from his shoulder
all the way down to his arm yeah
mushrooms that'll help him or heard of
her that's a decent shit he told me
that's what dude we better honestly
better get you out of here
look I said I for any time Joey come on
but III would did says I mean this
Charles is powerful so anything out TV
radio and I did that flight that just
makes me mentally ill I get it I fucking
almost started crying halfway out here
oh I just got a guy next to me sucking
on a straw like a six year old with ice
and his glass is nothing in it it's 110
degrees on the plane baby behind me
screaming like somebody was using the
soft spot in his head for a fucking
ashtray I can't make this shit up I
almost fucking I was almost crying but
you know what I got to come out of more
than once yeah every two years yeah if
y'all haven't come out yeah and next
time I got a show tonight The Improv but
any timeline now any time we've come do
shows me we'll do it for the rest of the
world can I plug a couple yeah yeah yeah
tell anybody we are my my podcast just
go to Nick dip calm and Monday through
Thursday at 6 p.m. Easton it streams
live on for free of Monday and
Wednesdays and I just shot a thing
called stickman in October
it's about instructional baseball clinic
that you know you know Adam Ray the
comedian yeah he's in it okay cool yeah
Andrew Parisi wrote it and Andrews
partner already saw some stuff to
Netflix so we're hoping and it came out
killer
it's called stickman it's really
testosterone-driven so you'd fucking
like it
Nick Depp comp of my show tonight at the
comedy palace Sunday night a Ventura
Harbor comedy club slash Chinese
restaurant it's good spot I know it's
fucking awesome and what am I forgetting
I don't forgetting something to Grandma
Twitter all that stuff Instagram and
Twitter but go to Nick dip calm the show
is growing leaps and buy I'm shooting a
special in March at Cohoes Hall in New
York I think I'm just gonna put that one
out they use your what you told me just
flood the market with it they've been
charged but just flooded right flood it
let it up funny
my stand-up is still my thing oh yeah
right love you man love you too
always good to see you same here Nick
DiPaolo ladies and gentlemen whoo
[Music]